---
priority: auto
received: '2026-01-28T15:41:16.303983'
sender: Google Gemini <google-gemini-noreply@google.com>
source_id: 19c029fa672a5f98
status: pending
subject: Welcome to Gemini
tags:
- email
- inbox
type: email
---





Meet Gemini, your new AI assistant

With Gemini on your Android device, you can get help writing, learning,  
creating and getting more done – even complex tasks. Go hands-free and have  
a natural, free-flowing voice conversation with Gemini Live1 to brainstorm  
ideas or talk things out. Learn  
more<https://support.google.com/bard?p=awb_opt_in&hl=en-GB> about what you  
can do with Gemini.

How Gemini handles data and works with other services

Gemini uses info from your device to help you

Gemini uses this info to provide more customised and context-aware help.  
For example, Gemini accesses certain system permissions and data, like call  
and message logs, and your contacts (to help you keep in touch by sending  
messages or calling). Gemini can also read information including screen  
content, page context and links, and off-screen context (to help you act on  
it).


Gemini works with other services

Gemini can respond with real-time info from other services, like Google  
Maps and Flights. You can also choose to connect services like Google  
Workspace and YouTube Music. If Gemini finds a connected app that can help,  
it will send information from your conversation and other relevant  
information to that connected app to help it generate a better response.  
You can manage your app settings.2 Learn  
more<https://support.google.com/gemini/answer/13695044?visit_id=638633132691845063-1690936925&p=faq_extensions&rd=1&hl=en-GB>.


Things to know when speaking to Gemini

If 'Hey Google' and Voice  
Match<https://support.google.com/bard?p=gemini_app_vm&hl=en-GB> are on in  
Settings, you can talk to Gemini hands-free. Gemini may activate when you  
didn't intend it to, for example if it detects a noise like 'Hey Google' or  
if you accidentally activate it by touch. If Gemini responds, it will treat  
your input like a normal activation.

Gemini responses on the lock screen

Gemini helps you with answers and act